century interactive takes the guesswork
out of advertising by tracking the phone
calls that result from print and web
campaigns we do this by assigning a
unique phone number to each of your
marketing pieces allowing you to measure
which ads are delivering the response
you care about phone calls direct mail
yellow pages radio billboard campaigns
century interactive can track it all for
you we believe that if you can measure
it you can optimize it so we crunch your
phone call data from these sources and
have it tell a story you can then
reallocate your marketing budget to
continuously drive ROI save money by
eliminating the ads that aren't working
and grow sales by adding to those that
are and not just for traditional media
if the caller came from your website we
can tell the exact keywords that brought
you the visitor which search engine and
whether the caller clicked on an organic
or sponsored link if you're spending
thousands a month on Google AdWords take
your analytics to the next level by
seeing how many phone calls your
campaigns are generating for web
marketers this has always been the
missing component tracking calls closes
a big hole in your marketing efforts by
bridging the gap between online and
offline conversions so how do we capture
this data century interactive ties web
sessions to phone calls by installing a
pool of dynamically changing numbers
onto every page of your site when a
visitor then goes to your website the
phone number displayed will be unique to
him or her when the prospect dials the
call then routes through our secure
server and we forward the call to your
biz
all in an instant this allows us to
track every individual web session and
provide you valuable information on your
leaves our service automatically
captures the caller's name address and
phone number and even records the call
managers can then look back on these
recorded conversations to gain insight
into how the company is communicating
with prospects and customers if you
should miss a call we capture that as
well so no more missed leads how to get
started well that's the best part we're
a hosted solution so the setup process
is quick and easy decide how many
numbers you want and begin tracking
calls right away we even pour it over
your existing phone numbers so you can
get the full picture of where your leads
are coming from the rollout is
completely scalable for businesses large
and small with thousands of local and
toll-free numbers standing by we ensure
maximum performance and reliability
because we built our own telephony
infrastructure on the back end and have
emergency responder status with the
phone companies we've been doing this
for a while we know it works agencies
and consultants of all types can brand
the user interface and offer call
measurement to their own clients now who
should be paying attention any business
that communicates with prospects over
the phone auto dealerships insurance
agents attorneys and small businesses
are among the thousands of companies
using our service every day to get
dramatic marketing and sales results let
century interactive empower your
business by adding accountability to
what used to be a guessing game making
advertising measurable and you a smarter
marketer